updating basic code sample for expression #3895 (#4251)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/pyqgis_developer_cookbook/expressions.rst

.. testcode:: expr

   exp = QgsExpression('1 + 1 = 2')

>    assert(exp.evaluate()) # exp.evaluate() returns 1 that assert() recognize as True

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   assert(exp.evaluate()) # exp.evaluate() returns 1 and assert() recognizes this as True
```

Reviewer 2: @Nikosvav Do you agree with the suggested reformulation (hence, please commit them) or not? It could be nice we merge your contribution. Thanks

Author: yes, thats perfect
